Something that used to happen inside of E.S. 5 in strict mode particularly if I had an object right
here like we'll do car and I had two different properties make and that would be Ford and then make
a Chevy.
This would throw in air so it would check in see that there are two duplicate property names right here.
And so it would throw an air inside of a six B use strict mode or not using strict mode.
This doesn't throw an error.
They got rid of this duplicate property check right here.
And instead what happens is the last property name that is listed is what is applied to the object as
its actual property.
So just a quick side note to keep in mind.
Another small little change but definitely worth noting.